mention change of behavior for `encryption_config` when upgrading to v21. (#3531)
terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-eks: docs/UPGRADE-21.0.md

- `addons.most_recent` is now set to `true` by default (was `false`).
- `cluster_identity_providers.issuer_url` is now required to be set by users; the prior incorrect default has been removed. See https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-eks/pull/3055 and https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123561 for more details.
- The OIDC issuer URL for IAM roles for service accounts (IRSA) has been changed to use the new dual stack`oidc-eks` endpoint instead of `oidc.eks`. This is to align with https://github.com/aws/containers-roadmap/issues/2038#issuecomment-2278450601

> - `encryption_config` (formerly `cluster_encryption_config`) is now enabled by default.  If you are migrating a cluster from v20 that used the previously disabled default and wish to preserve this same behavior, you will need to explicitly set this variable to `null`.  If using the new behavior is preferred when migrating you will additionally need to supply a value for the `encryption_config` [key_arn](../variables.tf#L174).

Reviewer: > is now enabled by default.

Should not be added here - it has been enabled by default since v19.0

```suggestion
- With the changes to the variable type definition for `encryption_config` (formerly `cluster_encryption_config`), if you wish to disable secret encryption with a custom KMS key you should set `encryption_config = null` (In `v20.x`, you would previously have set `encryption_config = {}` to achieve the same outcome)
```
